c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Bot Application.dll.config
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Bot Application.pdb
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\it\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\nl\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\pt-BR\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\obj\Debug\BotApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\obj\Debug\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\obj\Debug\Bot Application.pdb
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\emilyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BotApp\BotApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
